in today's video we will be going
through the 2010's american vampire
horror film steak land spoilers ahead
you have been warned make sure to give
this video a thumbs up comment on what
your favorite part was and subscribe to
our channel for more
the movie opens in a serene landscape
with a car driving across the meadows so
we already know it's a vampire movie the
back seat agitates as if somebody is
having intercourse in the boot space but
when mr fires two blitz at the seats you
know it's not what you're thinking mr a
vampire hunter no idea if that's a legit
job is traveling with a teen martin who
starts giving the background of his
character himself down his memory lane
it's a cliched rainy and stormy night
when his dad is trying to fix his car
and his mom is holding an infant perfect
for a vampire attack right to make sure
our protagonist doesn't die in the
attack and stretch the movie for a
further 84 minutes martin hides behind
his dog cooper outside the garage just
in time
as expected vampires attack the place
and a scream is heard from the garage so
martin rushes towards the room instead
of running away he meets mister for the
first time who hands him a gun both of
them arrive inside at the harrowing
scene of the murder mr fights the
vampires off as expected but even the
young and naive teen martin shoots and
hits them any normal kid would get too
dizzy and agonized by the experience but
he seems to be an exception not a
surprise anyway in the next scene martin
is shown being trained by mr for vampire
hunting with a helmet and a spear
because that is what it takes both of
them are at prison traveling through a
ruined land on their own while the
vampires seem to have coordinated with
the producers of the film to be gentle
with the protagonists they reach a
wrecked factory site and mister pulls a
weird-looking tooth out of a burnt
vampire and pokes some hulls into the
body casually trying to teach martin
about the vampire anatomy the latter is
more disgusted than intrigued with this
newfound knowledge taught by his anatomy
professor they light a campfire because
even during the apocalypse a weekend is
a weekend they are heading north in the
search of new eden even though they are
warned against going there on their way
the two rescue an old woman from two
young sexual assaulters what happened to
them you may ask well mr can turn into a
human hunter from a vampire hunter
whenever the need arises good riddance
they stay in a house at night setting up
traps for vampires mr who is awake hears
a noise outside and wakes martin up both
of them see a vampire and quickly hit
its weak spot the heart killing it
instantly the vampire turns out to be
the sister of the lady they rescued she
buries her sister and showers it with
flowers i don't know her name so i'll
just refer to her as the sister the
three of them then continue traveling
they reach a seemingly abandoned house
where people lie lifeless in chairs
while a baby is crying
they try to rescue the baby but the baby
turns out to be a doll and the crying
noises were coming out of a recorder the
people faking their death stand up and
take the three of them into custody it
proves yet again that humans are the
most poisonous even more than vampires
what vampires could never do humans did
the people capturing our protagonists
are from a clan named brotherhood yet
there's no sign of brotherhood in the
behavior shown towards mr mister is tied
up and the clan leader jebediah rebukes
him for killing his men the two boys mr
killed in the effort to rescue the old
woman just happened to be the members of
the brotherhood with one of them being
his son he tells him that vampires are
sent to do the lord's work and should be
protected it seems like vampires know
well who to attack and whom not to when
they let mr speak expecting an apology
he spits in the mouth of the leader and
tells him that he hates them and their
god infuriated jebediah shoves them into
a jeep and go towards a dense part of
the jungle mister is left for a flock of
vampires to feast upon because they are
foolish antagonists they might not know
it but mr is a vampire hunter plus the
lead of our story the next morning
martin is ordered to collect water from
a nearby stream he has warned that the
jungle is too dense for him to try and
escape however he casually ignores the
warning and runs away the techniques
taught by mr prove useful mr
single-handedly defeats the entire
schooling system at least what he
teaches can be used in real life
martin somehow reaches their car and
hides from a vampire who is ready to
satiate his hunger when he is ready to
defend himself from the vampire running
towards him someone pulls him inside the
boot of the car as expected it is mister
who has escaped from the vampires mr is
now driving the car while fighting with
the vampire they pull over and mr drinks
a beer while the radio announces the
news about both of them the news is from
the brotherhood who seeks help from the
listeners that a man in boyar traveling
arm so they should be caught immediately
later that day they arrive in lincoln
still 820 miles to new eden because the
movie is far from being over while
people are seen trying to tame the
vampires mr and martin enter a pub and
trade some antibiotics weed and a
vampire's tooth for some drinks if only
real life were this simple martin
notices a young pregnant girl belle
singing beautifully she is an orphan who
wishes to give a good life to her baby
at new eden they offer her a lift the
next morning a new member is added to
the trip all three of them enter her
house in the middle of nowhere amidst
the vampirism pandemic because why not
it seems to be a good idea holding a gun
in their hands they enter except for
belle who can't bear the foul smell of
dead bodies in various rooms in the
house mr opens a fridge and gets a beer
can because yeah the party must go on
they threw out the dead bodies and start
having dinner peacefully the next scene
shows mister holding a newspaper because
one has to keep up with current affairs
regardless of the apocalypse the whole
world is at stake but the newspaper
publication seems to be safe
martin goes to the basement looking for
something clearly he isn't looking for
some common sense this is further proved
when he comes across a sleeping vampire
he hesitatingly kills a vampire thinking
that if not for mr he would have ended
up like her and this movie would never
have been made the next day they see the
members of the brotherhood taking some
people into custody at night while
attacking some vampires they rescue will
a former military worker hiding in a
public restroom he informs the group
that american military forces were
withdrawn from the middle east to help
contain the outbreak and that there is
no middle east to fight over anymore as
it is completely overrun by vampires the
brotherhood was partially responsible
for the fall of america alongside the
writer of this movie of course they
infest cities with vampires by capturing
cars and planes and swapping humans with
vampires they pursue jebediah the leader
by posing as their team members
deceitfully stealing their outfits when
mr asks about the whereabouts of the
sister jebediah tells him that she
escaped mr leaves jebediah tied up for
vampires to feast upon the vampires
won't understand that he was their
savior as hunger fears no gallows they
finally reach a human settlement and
start partying like who cares about
vampires and the brotherhood they also
find the long lost sister in the
celebration their happiness is
short-lived when the brotherhood
bombards them with a flock of vampires
from a helicopter they aren't willing to
show any heroism this time so they run
towards safety the next day the
situation is under control but mr
insists on heading towards the north
hence all five of them embark on the
same boring old journey the car's
radiator dies in the middle of nowhere
so they are forced to stay in the forest
martin seems to have moved on from his
past and has started to consider this as
his new family they haven't encountered
any vamps yet but belle is slowing them
down according to mr as if not for bell
they would have reached the moon by now
they reach an auto junkyard where they
set up some traps for the vampires and
go to sleep except for mr who is busy
smoking his cigarette as usual who cares
about lung cancer during a vampire
attack right
everybody wakes up now not to smoke a
cigarette but because they hear a noise
they find themselves surrounded by
berserkers the deadliest vampires yet
they run for their life while belle
struggles because of her pregnancy when
the sister is overrun by vampires she
shoots herself in the head they continue
their journey and find an abandoned bus
turned camper when they find no trace of
anyone living or the dead they decide to
stay there the next morning mr wakes
them up informing them that will is
missing they find him killed and hung up
in a tree wrapped in his blanket mr is
surprised as he had never encountered a
vampire who can get around his traps and
cunningly kill people it must be a
thinking vampire as he calls it and
warns the two to stay alert with weapons
by their side a vampire that can
actually think funny how humans are
frightened with the thought of someone
having capacities equal to them they
light a fire and stay for a night maybe
mister is missing something if only a
beer can were available they are
distracted by a vampire and belle is
taken away they find her tied to a wall
covered in blood on the verge of dying
the thinking vampire reveals itself as
the same jebediah they had left for
vampires he gave his blood willingly to
the vampire so turned into a vampire he
impales both of mr's hands but martin
attacks him from behind right then the
former succeeds in killing him even with
holes in his hands he's the protagonist
remember martin kisses belle goodbye and
mercy kills her saving her from becoming
a vampire mr and martin find a pickup
truck that was just waiting for them to
arrive they stop at a house where they
see some dead vampires the vampires are
all killed by arrows a random girl named
perry aims an arrow at them assuming
they are vampires too but after
confirming they are of no threat she
takes them inside and shows great
hospitality this place was owned by her
mom who is no more she has great skills
in archery of course through a lot of
practice martin finds a connection with
peggy they have a good talk and martin
even kills a vampire which she was never
able to they sleep together while mr
watches them with content or maybe even
some jealousy the next morning mister is
nowhere to be seen signaling that the
movie is about to end martin finds mr
skull pendant hanging in the truck's
side mirror he and peggy pack for their
honeymoon and get inside the truck
martin starts driving even though he was
never taught how due to the power of his
newfound love don't ask me if this power
will remain even after their breakup i'm
not spoiling this the pendant is hanging
in the front mirror now letting mr stare
at the new couple like he always used to
they arrive at new eden finally which is
nothing but another name for canada then
they live happily ever after or do they
thanks for watching make sure to like
the video if you enjoyed it and
subscribe to the channel to see more of
these movie summaries